You know my friend, that's how the kid grew up, when he and his mom were going to school. He didn't have any money, he had this crazy family friend that didn't do any work. He was still a student at st. Augustine catholic school. And he worked his first shift as a janitor at a grocery store. I went to st. Augustine catholic school that summer when he was 9 - I mean my parents worked, but by the time he was 8 years old and he was playing sports at his school, he was a little bit older and he was in the gym at my school. And they were in the gym together and I remember one of the girls from the gym said I thought what the heck is going on. She said I look like that and I thought she was joking, but she told them that he looked like that. So that kind of helped him understand that. I think those kids understand that. "You know what, you know what I said. But the kids say there was some kind of reason my sister had to go to school." She was on the board of her friend's football team, she became the coach. She was a coach, but she worked as a janitor, and then had to go to st. Augustine catholic school, with this guy who'd go to school there. And the little guy just started asking questions, and he said, "Why didn't I come to school?" They'd never talk about i...
i remember being in the back office when the news was beginning to emerge that some of my coworkers had been murdered in the previous few months by an undercover fbi agent who was supposedly working for trump tower's former press secretary. I remember telling them, "You look like a dead man. You look like you've never been shot at. You look like you can do anything right." And so they shot me. And one of my coworkers, who'd been in the news department at the time, was murdered with a knife by a member of trump's family. I had my picture taken. When I got to work, he was dead. People came to ask him what he was doing; he had his picture taken. He said "I was in the press room."I can remember when I was in the press room getting up to work with a reporter. He was a black guy, about 5-foot-4. He had a beard and black hair. I was in the press room and he said, "Why are you doing this?" He went to say, "Do you have anything to say?" I said, "No."It went on for four hours. Then he said, "You're not talking to me about the fact that this is going to be investigated." And I said, "I'm saying…you don't even know what a conspiracy is, how are you going to get here?" And he came back to me. And ...
One time when we were on the plane, when we were in new york in the middle of a trip, it was very early in the morning, and my wife was leaving for her day off. The first time I saw her was in the bathroom after we had got off the plane and I heard her scream. I thought she was going to go away and then we heard her in the kitchen. She was crying for 10 minutes. I kept listening to her for six hours because she was talking to us all the time. I never heard her speak. She said she was just doing the job for the guys and her boss would come. She couldn't leave.They walked across the room. I was standing next to her and she just stared at me for a minute. I said, "Don't worry. That's all you need to know." I didn't have to say anything. It was such a bizarre day, not because she was crying. It just was so hard to focus because we were being yelled at by her friends, so we were screaming. And there was a woman in the kitchen who had just gone up, and she was still crying.I thought, oh, what is she doing out here, what is she doing out here? And she was screaming so heavily, and I was so ashamed. And after I was able to calm her down about it, she told me she couldn't be with my daughter for four years because of the abuse sh...
It happened two years ago and we were both having a really bad migraine. I was on work breaks and I'm not sure what to do next. So I pulled a friend along and they asked me if I was going to stop taking things. My eyes went wide. I'm almost crying now and i've had two of them when I was taking these pills in the morning. Then I got very sick about a month ago and was thinking about what I'd done. I started getting anxious now and I'm not sure if that's what I took. I had to make it up to them and I had to take everything back to it. So we were both having a really bad migraine when, in my stomach, my mouth opened up and I was really dizzy because my brain was totally paralyzed. I had to do a lot of thinking about how I was going to do it and I was starting to go a little dizzy because I was using so much medication which we were constantly taking.We took the meds and I thought, "I'm going to take these and I'm going to be back to normal, I'm not going to go to this one and then I'm going to think, it's going to be tomorrow. My mind is going to go blank." I'm now a little bit dizzy and I have a fever, i've been diagnosed with pneumonia and I'm very ill so I'm thinking I'm going to die. Sometimes, I feel mor...
i'm in the middle of an incredible and tragic story that is heartbreaking. We had a terrible accident a couple of years ago. I spent a couple months in jail. I saw my wife die.I have a cousin who's 17 years old. He is in jail now. We were on a beach with the whole family. He wanted to go out and pick berries when we were going out to dinner. The police said, "Oh, get the kids." They were very surprised, a little excited.My cousin looked at me like, "Wow. They're so excited. It's so weird to be able to see your cousin die." I said, "I don't know if it's true, it's so weird to be honest. Why can't you do that?"We're not going to tell you exactly why they did that. You'll have to go back and look. You will feel better. You will feel better. You'll be so proud. No one wants to watch that.I remember being in the front row at the beginning of the movie and being like, "This is our kid. We're going to show you what we're made of." We were like, "What do you think?"You know, I was just a kid, and my dad, who was a psychologist, had a lot of kids and had kids who had no idea what they were making of themselves. In fact...
The following is a story about the person whose name has been forgotten by the media because he made a false claim to the media.This person was not a racist. He was a christian, so you can't blame him for his words, for the actions he took and all the people he's influenced. But when he tried to change the name of this racist, he actually changed it. And we're dealing with people who say, "He was a racist, but he's a very nice person," And they're not getting any kind of explanation or acknowledgement of his actions or how he was able to do it, and yet we're talking about that person.I think the story is about that. It's about an individual being confronted with a fact that contradicts his assumptions. And what you can't do is you can't just put these individuals in your story without a clear and clear answer. And that's what I'm talking about here.But there's lots of things that we have to look at. I mean, you have to be aware of. I've discussed this earlier in this series. In a lot of the past, I was a writer. I was a poet. I was a journalist. I was an editor and I was a columnist. I had a lot of experience in the media with that. I'm just going to tell you this, and I'm trying to talk about what you've seen and heard, but I'm just talkin...
They were very impressed with me. It was a very nice experience.I guess, I guess to me I was like "I could really just walk into this place with nothing and walk all the way in to the place?" (laughs) so, I started to feel like I'm in my own world, I couldn't stay here without some sort of money. I mean, I was in my own world in my twenties, I was making millions and millions of dollars.I didn't see a lot of people who were going through this, that was all I saw. It was like, I don't know what this is. I'm just in my own thing. This is my world.So, to your point, the things you think are interesting to you from your perspective are really the things that really make you happy.Yeah, yeah! Well, I think it's sort of how I go about my daily life. I think, for some reason, the only other people that were actually engaged in it were myself, but yeah, I think that was the most interesting thing.You know, I'm the only guy that did all the other stuff that I do.A lot of people think that I was the only person that did it. (laughs) because I started out at nyu just like everybody else.And I started at nyu just like everybody else. Like I didn't know anything about it...
I was just 15-years-old. I'd just met a girl on the train, and she was 19 and she was wearing a skirt with a thong over it, like a big red skirt, and her hair was covered in a small round ponytail. I had no idea that she was wearing a skirt, but I was like, "She wears a skirt?" And she said, "Yes!" So I tried to tell her and she did that, but I just couldn't get it right.I really had to tell this story. I said, "This is the first story of my life. I have never had a conversation with someone like you, who was a woman. I'm not the one who can tell you it's because of you. And we can't tell you it's because of you. You should go and tell yourself." And I told my story, and she went up to me and said, "Oh, I don't know how I can believe that she has never told the way that she says it." I really wanted her to know that I had no idea how she could've been so stupid and so immature. I said, "What's wrong with you?" And she said no, I didn't care. I said, "Well, you've never been here before." And I said, "So you mean you don't see where my story lies?" I said, "I don't see what's wrong with it....
When I was young, I was a very ambitious little guy. I had a good interest in computer science and science fiction, and in that time, I knew a lot about the field of computing and the problems of artificial intelligence that would eventually give the world the ability to do things such as make and record movies.That's all the stuff I had before I was a teenager.Did you develop a computer in the first place?Yeah, certainly. There had to be some kind of programming language that would bring computers into play in a similar sense to the english language. I didn't know why that was, but eventually, after I started to learn the language, I began figuring out programming languages. When I started doing games, I had just started working on that computer for my brother, so I was able to start my first game.You played world of warcraft for a while, and were a bit more into multiplayer than your older brother, was that because your father was a computer scientist?Yeah, I knew. He was the first person to show me how to program. So I was immediately hooked. I liked warcraft. There were a lot of the things that I thought were great, like that game, which was called wow. I started doing some games with friends that I'd never heard of before. There was just something about wow that I never really liked, and I had to learn to play with my own brain. ...
I was 15 in 1989 when I came to the u.K., my first english-speaking country, and I was living in north london with my mum. All the kids were in their 10s, and I remember them being on the toilet. My mum was really worried about me. I was trying to explain that we were from an orphanage, and we lived in a house with three other siblings. So I was like, 'oh my goodness, what the hell are these kids, you're here for me.' And then she told me that her kids were also going to leave the orphanage. She didn't even want to see me, because she thought I might never come back here again. And I was like, 'you're my worst nightmare!' So she and I went to the local restaurant to make a meal. And it was just lovely. So I was eating all these kids that didn't like me.How did you get into theatre?Well, I got into english at 17 and then I worked at a theatre in the same time. A lot of that is still happening in the theatre, but the first thing that I have was working as a tutor at a london theater when it was still called the royal shakespeare company. And I remember sitting around watching the english play "O'reilly", which was being performed on a sunday night in london at my london theatre. It was one of those shows where we couldn't wait to get onstage and the...
i saw a girl sitting in a chair. I don't know if I could tell you what it was like to be a woman in this chair. She was in the middle of nowhere, looking around at us. I said, "My momma." She said, "What is that name?" And I said, "Shira." She said, "Shiro." I remember feeling a bit scared, but she didn't say a word. She just sat there with her hands on her hips. I thought she had some sort of heart condition, which I thought looked like my girlfriend, but she looked like a girl."I am sorry for having to explain this to you," I said. She looked at me very confused, and said something along the lines of, "Because you are my girlfriend. I will tell you all this without being embarrassing myself. We are going to be married at the end of the month. But you know what? I am going to be married by the end of this month because the first time I have been to a wedding, I was the one who was the most excited. I felt a kind of connection. I was like, "Mommy, what am I going to do?""Do you have any idea why you are married?" I said."I don't have any idea. I don't believe in it. I don't want to lose any of my kids. I don't want t...
The first thing that happened is that the police came to the house with a shotgun and just shot mr. C. And then the neighbor. As a result of these encounters, he was shot in the back and taken to hospital. The mother said she was too afraid to go to the hospital because her son wouldn't cooperate in a case where he's the father. So we didn't allow him to go, but they took him back to the hospital and he's going to be okay. Mr. C also got shot in the back by a man who was pointing at him during the incident. This man was armed with a large knife. There was no reason to give this man any kind of aid. He was still shooting at the police. And to date, if the police hadn't shot mr. C., he would never have been in hospital. The second thing that took place was mr. C's wife. They had a baby girl born at the hospital. I think they were in the hospital when his wife got shot. They were supposed to be there by that time. And when they got there, he said, "We found this woman's body." The second thing that took place was that the victim was holding a gun. I think he had a firearm in his hand and was pointing it downward at the victim. They took him to the hospital. Mr. C was pronounced dead at the hospital.Mr. B., you're a member of the fbi's counterintelligenc...
In the late 1990s, in the middle of a firefight between the two of you, it was reported that a firefighter in west covina had a very serious burn injury and was suffering from multiple "Burn injuries." Afterward, it was reported that there had been a large number of fires in the city. You, along with your colleagues, called a number of emergency managers in the local fire department to get them to the scene, and you did. And there have been at least five different injuries, including one severe one where both of you were trapped under the seat of your bicycle. The firefighter was able to recover with the help of two different paramedics, and they were able to save his life. And then the other one is another one that didn't get saved, and then in august of 2000, a woman pulled a light bulb on her boyfriend, and he fell on top of her. I think it's probably one of the saddest things that i've had ever seen.Amy goodman: what was happening on september 11th?Chris webster: the fires began in the south tower. The initial fire was actually at the south end in the west side. The towers were built in the 1930s, and the fire was on the north side. At the start of september everybody was on the north or west side of the towers. At one of the fires, some people were burning cars. By the time we got to the west tower, ther...
i was 15 years old, working for a little company in chicago. We had our first meeting for $9.99 when we came in as a "Soul mate." I was a little nervous at first, because I had no idea what to do with my life after that meeting. I just started to really appreciate the work that we're doing in chicago. I didn't know what to do with myself, and I didn't know if I wanted to give up on anything. I got involved with groups and started volunteering with groups and eventually with my own group.Then there were the days when I was still just making money for a group. I didn't know how to spend my money, and so I began to get involved with other people. So, there's a difference between the work of a group or a family living together that I don't know, and a group of the same age. I knew I could help others, and at the same time I knew I could work with other people. So I started to make money. I began writing for a magazine about the world and all of that. That was in 2007, and I was doing it for $10 a page.So when you look back on it from that point forward, you realize just how far you've come, and how many more years it took you to have success. When you take all those years to finally get this kind of success, it's unbelievable how fast you progres...
On friday, a woman's head was ripped from his arm. A few days later he woke up, and he had a deep cut across his lower neck from what he thought was blood spilt on his arm. The wound on his neck continued to be infected, and he wasn't feeling very well. I didn't have my right ear plugged in, and on one occasion he got a bad cut on his nose. I don't remember his condition, but my son said it was worse than I'd expected. I was on my way to an ojibway hospital shortly after he woke up and my son, a nurse, pulled aside to see if he was okay. "I'm good," He said of the doctor. "I'm not at work at the time of this, so I don't know, but I'm trying to do my job." So I went up to the door and I saw her, and she said, "I'm very sorry what happened to my son." I called the other nurse to check. In the meantime, my child was crying. He looked at me. "Oh," He said, "What happened to him?" I asked, "What happened?" "The same day he got shot." "You know what? I'm fine. I'm fine. He was in a coma." The nurse's attention got focused and she asked if I was feeling well. I told her no. I thought, "What are you doing?" "...
This happened in my hometown. And, you know, this town is just kind of under the radar. There are a lot of people who live in this town and want to come to this neighborhood, and they're not going to do it."You're talking about the local police force. When it comes to these things on facebook, you'll hear about what people say.There are no statistics in florida, only the number of cops shooting up and beating up people. It's a problem. The problem is that nobody is talking about it and talking about it like this, and this is the way you deal with it. If you're involved with this, what's the way to protect your rights and not get involved with what's going on down there, and i've said this is not a problem.How do you make sure the local law enforcement agency is working to protect those rights?The thing is, there are a lot of people out there who think that's not a problem. If I have to drive by a bunch of criminals on a day that they're coming up, I don't even think about stopping them. I just do it. You know, when I first arrived as a cop there, the guy was driving by every once in a while, and he was just running, so when I got a call about a man, he just came up, "Hey, you guys are coming up here." And I was like, ...
i found a little girl who was doing a school event and I was a little mad because I could see her eyes and said to her, 'my kid's school is being bombed. Go find a place and don't forget to make sure all your stuff can survive.' That was a very sad moment for her. So I went to her and I said, 'you should have stayed there, you should have left us there and we wouldn't have had any of this happening to you, to your family, to those around you.' She said, 'no, that is not what she said.'"In other words, she had been exposed to a situation that was so horrific it made her feel like she had lost all credibility, even though she had lived it. There was no way her body would have survived. Even if her mind had not, she would have died."People look at me like crazy, and I know that. It's not because I'm a crazy person. I am a man for a living, a man for a love. My daughter has a good heart, and she looks at me like a crazy person on a daily basis. She said, 'i'm scared because I have this fear. I am in a real mental breakdown, and I can't stand it.' But she is a woman. This is who she is, and she has lived it for her child. She has been in this way for so long, and sh...
I bought my first bicycle in 1984 and have been riding more and more ever since. My brother has never ridden a bike before and we all know what kind of bike he used to use. I bought a bike for his family in 1992 which is now a bicycle shop. What is good for them, for each owner and for my family to ride is good for the people they are riding with. I have always been an avid cyclist and I have always wanted to keep on living. I have a strong belief in this bike. I like how it looks. I can see why many people might think it is a poor bike. I think the paint on the bike is a bright yellow. It's a very nice bike. Its been a while since I bought it and I have used it many times now but it's all right. It has a lot of features that I would like to get a more complete picture of. A new front wheel and bike frame. I think I can improve and give the bike a new look to be able to use it more efficiently. If I could give it a name, I would be happy to. With the new front wheel, it is much smaller and it will be easier to handle. It is really nice looking and it has a lot of components. To my knowledge I have had no issues with it. All of the components and parts fit perfectly and the bike has a smooth ride. If you have any suggestions give me a word and I will send you ...
One day they got married. The next day after, they get married.The first thing we had to do was to say, "Hi, I'm a lawyer! I am a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer for a client, and I want to know what she has to say. So I'lltell you a story."He said, "I don't feel like I'm in a rush." So I said, "Well, let's talk about that." (laughs.) he said, "I've got to be honest with you, so my story is not going to be a little story to you, but I guess my story will be."So I said, "Well, we've got to figure out a story for you. We've got to tell this guy that she has to tell you something. We have a different story, and we have to tell this guy that she has to tell us something. It's going to be a different story for you."So with that, we knew we wanted to do this in the first place, so we did it.Jeremy chamber: we've seen your work from your other projects like the black swan (1987) and the godfather (1988) and you've written a number of other books for the indie film business. Tell us a little bit about your work as a writer, and when did you start working for the film industry...
One day we got the news that the first ever police officer was shooting people. It was a day that was very different than what we were used to for that day. We had no idea it was coming. There was very strong fear that something was about to happen. A couple of weeks later we were informed that the shooter, joseph wray, was on his way back from a meeting. He was shot, the shooter was dead, and he killed a very beautiful young woman. We didn't know what to think. We all thought, "This is going to be a good day for new york!"We never knew what might happen to them. Why would we take matters into our own hands? We didn't think they would come to see us, but we did. It was so tragic, and it just took a lot for us to realize that these young men and women were doing something right. It was heartbreaking. We saw the young people as heroes, and we saw them as heroes, because they had been told they were doing something brave of them; we had seen them in action. People knew them. People knew what they were in action for.We were just starting to feel it on our own. It just took a lot of courage and a lot of persistence for us to know that, the only way to stop this is with guns. It wasn't easy. But that's exactly what happened.We were the first. Now that it'...
It just happened to be right after midnight on the eve of the republican convention. And I went to my friends and said, we're going to give you the full information that we found on that night and everything we can. And I remember that moment of a very special moment for the republican party and the political world. We had the party sitting down for the first time, like, two weeks after donald trump's stunning loss, and we were at the moment, basically, the party was in crisis. We had a democratic president in the white house and a republican congress. This was in july and august of 2012, and the republican party had been in crisis.So I would say that, because the republican party looked to be in a crisis in the country, the republicans and the democrats on the other side decided to move quickly. They were all talking about obamacare, and they wanted to get rid of all of the subsidies. So the republicans and the democrats agreed to get rid of all of the subsidies, and the democrats wanted to get rid of all of the subsidies.And then, you know, as I kind of said to john mccain, and I was saying to paul ryan, and you guys, I don't know about you guys, but i've been on a couple of congressional campaigns, and i've been on both sides for a long time.So I think we saw, we had a republican-led congress. And that's where our problems bega...
It was with my daughter, who was just nine when it started.That's when I realized she was just nine.So it was a good week for me.So that's when the cops came.Bill moyers did you have a girlfriend?Robert cooper no.Bill moyers did you ever have a car or boat in your life?Robert cooper no.Bill moyers did you ever have a driver's license?Robert cooper no.Bill moyers did you ever be a farmer?Robert cooper no....
the first time I worked with her.I was about 18. We were both working out and working off an exercise class job. She was a little over 15 years old and I wasn't, because I was already married. So I just walked to her gym and walked to her class. She said, "I'm doing this for the gym." And I was like: "Really?" I went: "Of course!" She said, "That's fantastic." I said, "Really?" She said: "But you have to get there after work on tuesday." And he said: "No, that's not a problem. But this is a really important one."We were making some great strides up that ladder. We started out doing squats, then we went on to bench presses, and at the end of the week they started doing presses. We did a whole new style of lifting that they were talking about with their instructors. I was like: I want to do this!My training started to change when we were done with that weight class, because they have some more weight classes, but it was very, very difficult for a lot of them and for me to not want to be on the top. I felt like this was the wrong time to train. I was so frustrated. I've had very few lifts from this weight class.After a couple more weeks, I felt like I was doing the right thing. But in th...
A friend was trying to get me to write an essay about the past while I was in the philippines.I don't remember that, but he was on his way to a movie theater when he and I got to the top floor and all of a sudden he was in a cab with a guy.When he came out of the cab to check in, the cab driver had his hand on his pants, his hand on his hip, he was like, "Why are you here?"And he said, "The guy here is trying to kill me." So we walked down the street to the other side of the building, and the dude was trying to kill me.And I say this, because he was trying to kill me. So I say, "Well, I don't want to die. I want to be out of there."So he was getting hit. And as soon as he was hit—(laughter)and he went to his bag, he had his hand on my crotch, and he hit me in the thigh and the next thing you know I was running, and he hit me at top speed—like I was on drugs, and I was in an alley, so I just kind of jumped on him—and then I felt him roll down and hit me, and it just broke his leg.So he was gone.I was walking back and he started hitting m...
It's happened before. It's not happening now. It could happen in the future. It's coming. It's not happening now. It's not happening now.I've come in the past year or so to the realization: there's a guy, you can't come in and not get a workout. There's a guy, you just need to be there. It's all just happening in our lives. It is just being in a position like I am with the patriots, just just doing what I love to do. You just gotta get in the right place, you gotta trust what my coaches tell you.I know i've said that before — and I know I said it publicly just to say it publicly right now. But at the same time, I want to make sure that you guys know that when they say, "Hey, I'm still a young guy," It is going to happen for a long time.You're getting out there with the same mindset that you do all the time.I want to make sure when we step in as a team, that we go out there and do the things we need to do. And those are the things we're looking toward as a young team.I don't think we're ready to go out and do things, but then you do it and it happens. And then you're looking at the next step in life and you know what happens? You have to do tha...
i think my mom told me, back in the day, that there's some bad news in our country, and I don't know what's going on next. I think my mom really didn't want to hear it," She said, adding that she didn't want her son's life ruined by the news.But the following day, he said, he heard what the other parent did. One of them told him that she had been hit by a car and had to be brought down. She had lost her home. The other parent said he heard the man shouting, and when he turned around, they saw that his wife was running from him in the backseat of the car, running away.When he told the story to his mother, she told him that she had told two different people she wasn't ok with what happened at the hospital. She said they tried to get him to come forward but he told her that he didn't know what she said. She told him that she had been hit twice before. She said he had told her about the accident to friends, and she tried to help him out, but he didn't want to.When the story finally hit him, he asked to see his doctor, who did not believe him, and said she had died of pneumonia, an infection that could kill a parent."He said, 'mommy, what can you do?' And he said, 'can you just tel...
You're a guy who is very busyhe runs a businessyour business is a business.You're an athleteyou're an athlete in the world.You're an athlete in the united states.You're an athlete in the united kingdom.You're an olympic sprinteryou're an athlete in the world.You're an athlete in the united states.You're an athlete in the united kingdom.You're an olympic sprinter in the united states.You're an olympic sprinter in the united states.You're an olympic sprinter in the united kingdom.You're an olympic sprinter in the united states.You're an olympic sprinter in the united states.You're an american athlete in the world.You're an american athlete in the united united states.You're an american athlete in the united kingdom....
The first time I was in washington I was in a crowded theater. I was sitting next to steve jobs, and I remember saying to him, "Hey, just remember this: every day my life is going to have to change." So I think he's a very hard worker.I think I said to him, "I have two options here, I'm going to have to change my career, and if you're going to be in entertainment and you're going to take my job, why don't I go over and see you." He said, "My two options will be to become a comedian, or go on to a career in filmmaking." I said, "How about that?" He said to me, "You're going to start in some other field." So I worked on my film, and that was my first big mistake, because I didn't have an idea what to do with the money I was making. Then I started working on films, but the most I can remember of doing a film is getting $1 million a year. That's the money I had to make that was taken.[i]t was my idea, and it was the plan. I didn't go to the studio and have my money taken from me. I went to the movie business, and I was given $3 million a year on this one, and I was given the chance to go to hollywood and film.I did a little bit of th...
That was a big part of the development of this character. He looked so good. He was so close to us that we would bring him into the world of the show and have him be an action figure. And I'm talking to you now, I just know what you're thinking. Let me tell you the story that really grabbed your attention.The first three scenes, the first scene of a.I. With his body, the first scene where he's on camera, it seems like you've seen him in an action figure before.Yeah. The first six scenes, I mean, there was the first scene where he's on the ground, in his underwear, with his head up. And then in the third, the last scene is where he's on his feet, with his hands around his waist, he's holding some sort of gun. And it became clear to me that a.I. Was a character he was just one character to be. And i've said it many times over the years, and this is an incredibly interesting character to be around. He's very selfless. He's very honest. He's very kind. And that's what he's all about. The characters we create are all about the power of friendship. It's what makes them powerful. They're all about those things.As for the story's climax, I think it's a really important idea. We have this huge world that's filled with action figure...
One day, I was driving my cousin's subaru to my mom's and I was talking to her, and suddenly she was driving a pickup truck when I saw her stop and have to get out of the car. She pulled out her car seat and the driver's hand was like something was on the back of her hand. I could see it. I looked down and saw that the side of her head was still covered in blood. So I grabbed her hand and threw her onto the ground. Then, the driver grabbed her hand again and pushed the driver's hands away. The driver's hand is where I'm concerned, it's over my shoulder, and I was thinking that she was trying to get away from me. I said to the driver if she's gonna hold her hand then I'm gonna pull the driver's hands off it so she can take care of her hands. And then he pushed the front wheel. So I grabbed her hand. I put my hand behind my back. And then I pulled her off into the parking lot of my mom's. So she was out there on the freeway.Amy goodman: my daughter and her cousin who is on the other side of you were driving to work at the wal mart and got a call of a white car driving by. They called the police, and they said this car had a blue license plate. It's not a car. It's not a stolen vehicle. It doesn't even have any registration numbers. And thes...
you've been on the bus for just seven years and we've moved into a very small place. I'm 15 years old.It's just a little bit different. I'm in my early 20s. I'm living in a small place, where we've been for three years, and i've met friends and family, and they've all been here, and we've been here for three years.I've been here the whole damn time. I've met friends and family over a seven year period.I've been here and met my best friends, and they're all here. My best friend, david, is a journalist, and our daughter is a student at the university of minnesota. I've met my best friends and my best friends are both here.And if someone was here, I'd tell them, "Oh, don't be so serious. We're here. We're here. We're here! We want to see you!"But I don't actually want to be here. I see them. I take them in. I'm a witness to them. It's the job of a journalist to tell stories.I don't want to be there.My friends in the media are a much bigger group. You've had people from around the world come in, and they'll tell you something of what's happening, and I want you to understand it.The idea cam...
Let me tell you a story that is really exciting to me. And we're doing something we've been doing for about five years.What did you think? Did you think that this was something that the trump campaign would be embarrassed that they were still dealing with something like this?Well, let's start with some history. It's really hard to put into words the things that have happened that have happened over the course of the last month that have been so dramatic, and I think for most people, it's about a little bit of an awkward silence. And yet, they seem to say what was really the most important thing that happened when we started this. I think there are still some people who say the same thing. I don't know, probably a few people, who say it was the most important thing that happened. But I think there was a lot of people who were very skeptical about it in the first place. One of them was the former governor of california and now, a year after we had just won. He was very critical of the trump campaign. He wanted to talk to the voters. But he didn't want to talk to the media at all. And then suddenly, he announced this. And I had a moment where I thought, 'i don't think this should be going on any longer.' And he was right: it's not the most important thing that happened. I think he had the right information and right plan, or at leas...
I met a girl with cancer. She had been on chemotherapy for a year and was on life support for six months. She was given a bottle of aspirin and I was on life support. She was just a little over 5 pounds and she would not die. We had two children and the last few months we had been working at a hospital, and a nurse was coming to give us a little help. I was there for six months and she had her first child and we had to take her to the hospice with us. I told her, 'this is a very serious infection that's got to stop, and I need you to go and see this doctor.' She said no. It's a terrible situation for the girl. I said, 'i've got to go for it.' She went out to visit her. She said, 'i want to see your doctor.'She said I don't want to die – it's not my health anymore. It's my body.'I was just at the hospital. The doctor came and I asked her if she'd been in pain for six months and if she'd seen anything. She said, 'no, it's not your brain or your heart. I got it back and I said, 'well, I'llgive it to you right now,' and she said, 'thank you.' I said, 'you will get it later.'I was on life support for three months and that was it...
In 1983, I was just a little boy. My father was a lawyer. My mother was a teacher. The two of us lived in a small little house in a town on the mississippi river. The town was a place where there were few white people left and there was no one black. We were only four years old, just like my father is. We walked along a creek and on our way out of this village we came across a big white man. It was going nowhere. That night we went to school because his car suddenly stopped running and he was dead. My father was driving away from school. So he came home and there was no sign of him again. It was four years later when I met my father-in-law and he gave me all of the details about what happened.We walked back to the road. We went to camp. We got ready to go to church, but my father had to come home early to finish work. He and I went out to a village where I lived, and I found my grandfather, who was also a lawyer. I was very scared. My mother died after she was shot. She was not home for a year. I called the police, told the police that the police had arrested my father, and they were going to arrest the family for the death of my mother.The police arrested my grandfather and my father for the killing. When they did so, they found my grandfather and told him to b...
This morning, on wednesday, july 9th at 9:00 am, I was driving over there to work, and I was on the way to the office when suddenly, I saw the black car in the driveway. It was looking at me from the rear of the car and I thought, "Mom, I see a bunch of black cars, and I'm going to stop them."I saw the black car pull up at the rear. The first thing I remember is the man sitting on his lawn in front of the car. I looked in his hands and he looked at me. He didn't look at me, he just put his gun. He looked at me and said "Hey, what did you want, that ain't good," Which was the kind of thing we all had to try, because that was the kind of thing that we all really had to try. And that's how I realized that we had to get away from the car. And I knew that if I stayed where I was, that it was going to happen to me. So I said I got out of there and was going to call the police and make sure I got the car back to its car. When I did that, that was the last thing I remember hearing from the person who said, "You have a gun. Get out of here." That was the only time I heard anything about this man. And I said, "God, how long is it going to take you t...
A picture of the mother of all girls is a picture of the one who made me laugh.The picture of the child who is doing well on her first day of school.The picture of the beautiful child who goes to the school with her first brother.The picture of the beautiful child who runs to take a shower.The picture of the beautiful child who holds her hand.And the most famous picture of the child who lives with him on her first day at school.The pictures of the children's home where the old man and her sister lived.The pictures of the school where the old man is visiting the children....
about a couple of months ago, I had a conversation with a man who had worked at a local news station called the daily mirror. We looked at each other, and he was concerned about what he was reading in the newspaper. He'd been working there about five or six years. Some of me might not know it now – the paper is a small organisation. He didn't read too much from it. I think he felt I should call the journalist directly to have him tell me about the story. I think he went through some quite a bit of trouble to make the calls, particularly after he'd started making phone calls. We thought this was quite a different situation to what was going on in the daily mail. The times was a big centre of news and I thought it was just a great opportunity.I was in the news myself at the time, but the day I saw the story on a daily mirror article about the woman in the daily mirror who had been raped, I wrote this comment to him at the time, and he said that he hadn't read the story in the daily mirror – that he'd had a very bad experience. I wrote to him at the time and he told me: "What exactly happened to me was such a horrible thing that I can't even name it. I can't even name it now. It went on for decades. I can't name it. I have a sense of time. I don't mind what happens with wome...
my brother passed away in 1999. My brother had a bad case of diabetes. He didn't really seem to care about it at the time, and he ended up taking insulin, which was the only treatment that worked. I got sick for days, and my brother was not able to take any medications, so he died a couple of weeks later. I had a really poor case of blood clots, which I never felt good about, but there were some nice medications. I was able to take some pain drug, and that was a painkiller, but no medication. I was in a wheelchair and my family couldn't take it, so I took insulin with me, and when I got sick, I couldn't take most of it, but I took about half, and that was a big painkiller for me. Eventually, I had the whole thing shut down, and I had the whole insulin program shut down. I spent a few years in a coma. But my brother was able to go back and finish his story because he had the best story that he could, because he was able to say, "I'm going to live my life, it's all going to be okay, I'm going to be able to live it. I'm going to do something I never dreamed of doing before."After he died, he told me he was going to take diabetes medication again, and I told him that, if I was going to do it again, i'...
the other day we learned that one of our employees had worked at a mcdonalds, making $7.25 an hour. We had to ask her to quit the job immediately. This happened to me.I went back to mcdonalds to find out if she was going to get paid for what I was demanding. She refused. I asked her what she wanted to do with this. She said, "I want to help my family financially."I was stunned. This was not an offer that I could give. This was an offer that I had to make. I told her that we were taking her to a new place, but I didn't want her to get sick. I told her that it was nothing I could do for her.She told me, "You said you needed to know this is an offer that would not go anywhere."I went back to mcdonalds and found out that I was being fired for refusing to pay me. What was I supposed to do?I was asked what the best way was to do this?I looked at mcdonalds. I said, "I want to do a little more."This was not something I could do.My next step was to ask my next employer to do an investigation.I told them that, if they didn't report me, and if they found out that I had not paid, they would probably hire someone else...
I was having dinner with a friend of mine and I came across a strange and scary guy walking by. He was looking at us and suddenly he was so big, so tall, that he was really looking at the ceiling. He was trying to say something that was so scary, at least he had a hand up his pants and he was looking down his pants and he was just staring down at you. And he said something to me. And this is what I did. I called him and said:i'm going to talk to you right now and this guy's not going to stay quiet. And I'm going to speak with my friend on the phone and see if he wants to come to your house, or if he's gonna come to your house. I'm going to tell him what I'm going to do, in a calm and deliberate way, and I'm going to explain to him that we're going to talk about this in a way so that we can get him to listen to what I'm saying. And I'm going to say what I'm going to do and he is going to be like this.You'll learn what you're going to do later on in this article.If you're interested in learning more, check out that video of us talking at a coffee shop...
i remember sitting on the back porch of a small school with my sister at the time. I looked like a kid from a sitcom. I was just a toddler. And then, the moment she touched my face, I couldn't have thought that I was getting better. And so I went to bed. My sister looked me in the eyes, and she told me I looked just as bad as her. And it got to the point where I was literally scared of the sun because she was wearing dark hair.I went out and bought a hot plate of chili in the middle of the summer and made myself a plate of chili and pepperoni and chicken, and I just sat there and just kept looking at her, and I knew, oh my god, I was doing something wrong. I was trying to think of something I could go on and on about. I was trying to figure out how to live my life.So I started taking an interest in myself and really thinking how do you keep your emotions in check, how do you keep your mind out of your body when you're doing one of these things and you're having a hard time doing it?So that was at a time when I felt like I had a problem. Like, oh my god, I'm out looking at my computer, and I'm like, oh my god, I'm working that thing. I'm going to sit down at the computer...
I went to a church in a small town about 10 miles from here and asked a friend to bring me an album with an album cover. He came and recorded, and as I was listening to it, I saw an image of him in his car and saw that the album was a picture of him smiling. "We thought it was weird, but he was so cool," He said. "He was kind of like a kid who was not in the band. He was in the rock group. He was kind of a weird kid who took everything I got with him and made it his own. I wasn't sure if he was cool but we didn't know what we were doing as a group at the time. The only thing that stood out to me was that he had a big voice. I think when you play these songs with your kids, this big voice is the only thing that is going to come on top of everybody else."A few years ago, I caught up with him for his latest interview with the new york times. Below are excerpts of his piece...
i got a job at a restaurant that I'd just been named to. After we'd done a series of dishes, I went to work. I'd done a little bit of writing for a magazine, I'd done a couple of short stories. I'd started writing short stories, a lot of them. And I thought I had something to write. I'd really just got a little bit into the craft of writing, and I thought, well, i've got to write. I've got to write. I've got to write, but not necessarily make a lot of money. But I do...
Before my daughter was born, nobody knew what he was. Nobody knew that when I was six or eight.We were living in a small town, and a guy came up to me and said: "Hey, we're from the midwest. We were born here in the 1800s."I said: "Yeah, we're from the midwest."He went, "Oh, yeah. We're from ohio."I remember walking out to the backyard and talking to my kids.There are some of my earliest memories of childhood. My dad was a farmer. I remember him coming up into the backyard to let us go with the kids. He had a large bag of potatoes. He'd toss them into a fire. Then we'd go out to lunch. He wouldn't be home all the time, and he'd come up to us and say: "This is the backyard we're from, i've been in this for the last eight years. This is where our kids grew up."I had my oldest daughter, my oldest daughter, my youngest daughter, and one of my oldest daughter's best friends, which is when she started living with me in our house. Now we've got our house, our family. We love each other. We both had great days together. But my daughter, she was probably more interested in having a baby with my father.I always knew that when I was young, it was bes...
Q you've done a lot of good things and some bad things.Q we've got to move forward?A yeah.Q you can put in more than a couple people?A yes.Q and we've got to go into space together, and we need to have a discussion about that?...
Two weeks ago, I had been working on an episode of the television series star trek: the next generation. In that episode and the episode before that, someone was trying to figure out how the enterprise might work. When we were trying to figure out how the first two years of the star trek films would work, I decided, let's just go back to working on star trek when we had just published an amazing issue of the new york times, and we just began doing research on the idea of going on an enterprise-style interstellar voyage. At that point, I needed a way to make such a concept work properly and, really, I wanted to see it, so I did. I was very happy with the results. It was really quite satisfying and very different.I'm going to do more research on star trek when I run my own show with the help of the show's writers. I'll actually be interviewing writers and designers who i've interviewed with and I will be doing what everyone has done for star trek since. It's a really exciting time, and I hope you'll enjoy this time with me.[editor's note: this interview was first published by wired magazine....
I saw this man walking past some guys and I said, "Are you ok?" And he said, "Uh…" And I said, "Yeah, it's just me and my sister."We were talking about my grandmother at a restaurant called the bar. She was sitting at a table with two young girls talking. It was an old bar that was about a year old. She asked one of the girls, "Do you know how much alcohol you have in your house?" And the one of the girls said, "Nope. You don't drink for a while." And so that's the first time I got to know her. So there was a lot of emotion for her.In retrospect, it's probably an insult to her that she still has a daughter today. I'm not aware if she would have gotten that kind of emotional support after the violence that she suffered. But i've learned that it wasn't because of her. She had a relationship with a girl who was not her own parent at the time, so maybe she's not aware of it when she gets home.How far from that her child will gothere were a lot of questions about how far from her that she would reach. There were a lot of questions about where she would be going, where she would be getting help. And there were a lot of questions about where she would be finding solace, where she would be finding herself. I was always wondering ho...
I went to the same high school as the boy who was supposed to be my dad and he was killed by a drunk driver. I wanted to be like him. I want to have my body back. But I couldn't get to that point. I had to put myself in situations where I could use my body to get out of those situations. It was very difficult. I went back to one of my high school buddies… I asked him if he wanted to do it for me but he said he couldn't get to the time limit because he wanted to have a family. He was in love with me and I didn't want to do anything that I couldn't do. And so I had to put myself in situations where I could use the body if I wanted to.Amy goodman: and what's his reaction to it?Juan gonzález: he was kind of shocked, shocked. He said he didn't believe the story that he was being interviewed. He said he thought the car was not coming at him. It didn't even have the name. It just looked like he was going over the right road. He said, "How could that be?" And that's when I realized, "Oh, I don't know. I knew this kid. This was something totally out of his league. How could this happen?" It's like, you have to think about all of these things, and you have to think about wha...
In 2004, when I was a graduate student at the university of california, berkeley, studying computer science, I became interested in the problems of network management. The problem here was that, at least in theory, all the information it could store in the form of a "Cloud" Was in one place. With an internet connection, it was as easy as clicking on the link in a web browser. For a lot of people, I was told, the problem was that the network was constantly shifting.I'm an early adopter of this concept. In 2011, I was the keynote speaker at the european association for network technology conference on network management in budapest, hungary. It was a big conference, and I got a lot of questions from some of the attendees. One man asked how this thing could be used for any type of information. I told him the way something like that can be implemented. He wanted to understand what would happen if I said yes.This was a very interesting point. It's like, "No, no. It's fine." It's like, "You're not going to say yes to anything if you're not going to say no to anything. What's your limit? What's your limit? What's your limit?"So I said to him, "Alright. I can imagine you saying yes to anything. It's ok to do this because it might change your life if you do it." And he said, "Yeah....
You see, when you do this, you can't have the most powerful thoughts in the world.You won't ever be able to tell people what they don't want to know.What you can tell them is how you feel about your life.It's just that you can't let things get in the way of you working and living your life.We want to empower others by seeing them with different kinds of eyes.But it won't happen.Your work should never be restricted to trying to change your life.Now you realize that you are a creative person.You are a creative person.You don't need to be told what you should or should not do.You just need to be able to see those boundaries you've set in your mind....
Just ask me, what's happening to me?"I didn't do that or do that at all," He says. "I remember thinking, I don't want anything bad to happen to me, I want only to get better."The next day, he would go to work at a fast food restaurant, the taco bell, with a friend, and as he walked down the street, he saw the front door open. He jumped into the truck, pulled the cab back out, and turned off the engine. The next day, he was at home at the mall.He knew something happened to him when he got home, but he didn't know what it was. It wasn't for three years."For years, I didn't even know, I wasn't talking to anybody about it," He says. "It happened. I got sick of it. I'm a pretty smart kid. I didn't have anything to hide and everything. It was the worst thing that ever happened to me."He spent much of his adolescence struggling to survive on the streets and growing up in the shadows."I'm a little tired and it's just not fun anymore," He says. "People can't relate to me for the same reason. No one ever talked to me about this. But I am, I think we have this relationship, that we can relate better together. And I think everybody that works for us knows...
One day we got the news that the first ever police officer was shooting people. It was a day that was very different than what we were used to for that day. We had no idea it was coming. There was very strong fear that something was about to happen. A couple of weeks later we were informed that the shooter, joseph wray, was on his way back from a meeting. He was shot, the shooter was dead, and he killed a very beautiful young woman. We didn't know what to think. We all thought, "This is going to be a good day for new york!"We never knew what might happen to them. Why would we take matters into our own hands? We didn't think they would come to see us, but we did. It was so tragic, and it just took a lot for us to realize that these young men and women were doing something right. It was heartbreaking. We saw the young people as heroes, and we saw them as heroes, because they had been told they were doing something brave of them; we had seen them in action. People knew them. People knew what they were in action for.We were just starting to feel it on our own. It just took a lot of courage and a lot of persistence for us to know that, the only way to stop this is with guns. It wasn't easy. But that's exactly what happened.We were the first. Now that it'...
I work for a group of friends who are both engineers who've spent their lives building the internet. It takes a lot of energy to do the things we do, and we think there is no better way to do it.I'm part of that group of engineering students. I have a good relationship with them. When I talk to them about their work I always ask them the same question: how do you live your life in a world that values good engineers and good workers, and has never allowed them jobs?They are very interested in the question. I'd imagine that is the most important question they have. I am. The engineering students are like a team of engineers. We're all the developers. We share a lot of stuff in common, but we all share the same values: value work and value a bit more.We live in a world where you have to compete on a daily basis in order to get what you want. You have to be willing to make sacrifices when you make the best decision.We all have a responsibility to understand that the more we are willing to go the longer we will be able to live this kind of life.One of the key reasons why engineers have been given so much credit are their love for their work: the feeling it gives to everyone around them.You can see that in the video below and also in the interview with me. I love it. The video opens about a month o...
On an evening that began with my mother's arrival to toronto, I met a man dressed like the character, captain boomerang. He had recently been in prison for a minor crime. He had been shot in the head in a police helicopter on the way to toronto. He had had some sort of gang-related trouble before. He was in his early twenties and had been charged with driving without insurance for a long time. He was driving a black ford focus. As my father was being escorted upstairs to the courtroom, it made for some rather awkward, unhelpful conversations about how to act.As the day went on, things began to shift."It would be about a minute," Said my father. My mother smiled. "I don't think we're in this for the money.""The money," Said my father. "You need to figure that out."But there was more to it. The story was still being told, the truth of which they were waiting for. The details of the story were being covered up. They were being lied about, and there was something else involved too.It was not that my father was always a good guy or anti-hero. He liked to tell lies and be on the safe side. But it was he, the one who had betrayed his men. He was the man who had betrayed the police. The one who had brought about a riot. He was the one who ha...
On july 10, 1985, in the wake of the murder of my dear friend and colleague, michael pfleger, I was on my way to the national mall to give a speech in support of the women's rights movement. I didn't know michael pfleger himself. I spent three days in his bedroom after my arrival at the mall, listening to his speeches. I was afraid he was a killer, and there was no doubt about it. I was then convinced of the horror of the murders we had committed, and I did not want to be a part of it. I was just sick of hearing about the murders, and I really wanted to give a speech. I thought I was right. I felt this immense relief; I felt a sense of belonging and belonging to something greater than myself.Later, I remembered telling myself about pfleger, and how I did not even know him. I found a room filled with people I had never met before. I found an old friend, another old friend, the one who lived in a small apartment with no windows - who also had his own telephone and was never seen to go outside. Suddenly, I knew I had found a killer.The next day I got to go over to my room and get a coffee. This time, I was alone. It was a warm, dark evening. Michael pfleger was not there, so I asked him to be there. I said I wanted the conversation to b...
I was sitting in a bar and was having dinner with my friends and they were talking about it. They said, 'you know what, we were in the middle of the night and one of them was just about to hit you,' so I let my friends get up and they started running after me. They stopped at the restaurant and started hitting me. I'm not blaming them, I'm saying it was all my fault, but I also said it was my fault that they didn't follow me.We went back to the hotel as far as where the house was. I didn't want to go in there, I didn't think about it so I went into my little room to my bedroom for three or four hours and watched the movie. So I went downstairs to the bath and I went to bed to see if it was okay when I went upstairs and saw that it wasn't.I woke up and I had to go for a nap. I was really sore. But I woke up and saw my doctor and saw an ultrasound and he came to me and said, 'you're fine, you just need a shower.'The doctor said, 'yeah, I'm fine, you need a bath.'He took me to the hospital and I was very sore. I was still thinking about what might have happened if I'd been so worried and I didn't even remember what I was doing with that picture. So, the question to me was...
The other side of that coin, and this is going to make it even more important in the future, is the way in which we do the things we do when we want to and should do these things, and how we do it.I remember when I was doing the cover for your book called "The future war machine" In 1997. I was doing a new book on that, and then the next year I was doing this tour, and you saw that book? And you went back and read the book and said "We are doing this tour?" You looked at all these different things being done. You didn't look at the things that were done in the other world. And that's what's really important for me now.What was the impetus for that?The motivation for that is a different sort of feeling I'm feeling right now, because this is my first solo album, and i've never done a solo album before. So at the time I was working on this record, I was doing work as a lead singer on an album called "No life," Which is a couple of songs in a couple of songs. And I was listening to a lot of other bands that were still doing that stuff, and I was thinking of doing a solo album, and I thought, "Wait, okay, how are we going to do this record?" And I thought, well, we could do a solo album. That's the only other way we coul...
In my life, when I am pregnant I do not have a choice. My job is to make it clear to the other parent. My son is a 6-foot-3 tall, 6-year-old who is very talented and I think he is going to be a great father to his son.We have a daughter from a very supportive family, but the things we have to do are very different. I'm a teacher. You have to have a lot of support and we are always looking to get her involved.I am a small business owner. If there is no one to help her I feel like I'm going to be an unsupportive person. I do not do it in a selfish way. I try to help. My job is always to help people in need. I am always looking to help if somebody's in financial crisis. Sometimes I feel like there are people who need to be helping me out and that could be a problem.What has your experience been like since you first began your business?I have been very fortunate to be here a long time. I have had amazing people to work with. I have done everything I could for them. These are people who have had fantastic experiences. My brother and I were hired to take care of them. We do not have to worry about what they will do with their savings. We do have to look at how they have the cash. We have to take care of th...
You're reading my work on your laptop for the first time. It's a photo essay I wrote for the book "Lights out: inside the science of self‐efficacy" (my books) and I wanted to share it with you. As an illustration it's really good to share with you that some of what I'm showing you today is true—what I think you think I'm having fun saying is still true about the world."I was very concerned that what I'm saying might be an extreme example…that the world I'm about to create would actually be an environment that could never be just one or the other…i'm not telling you that the world is really not there. It has to be. The idea that the world is different is a fantasy of my imagination."This isn't the first time i've put that idea into writing. The first time I did that was when I wrote the self‐help book "Self-love and the new atheism" In 1997. I didn't want to write a book about that because I didn't want to have a book about how this thing we call an 'atheism' got so ridiculous that people found it so offensive.But that moment changed my whole worldview.My book is about something—at the moment of writing this book and at the time of writing the book—that is very much at odds with my beliefs about the world. And also, I wante...
i saw that the old man in the bar was still trying to tell his story. It was so old man in that bar. He had to tell his story to get his business back up. That was our way of saying that he was trying to sell to the other bartender who was working to keep it going. So he took a call. He'd said, 'hey look, if you're going to sell your business you have to sell it to the other customer.' He said, 'you're not gonna sell it to my customer. You're gonna sell it to the other customer,' so I called him. He said, 'i understand what you're saying,' but he couldn't do the job. He couldn't do the job. He didn't have the money for us to do it and I was just trying to get my business back up. I was trying to sell my business to the other customer. And he just said to me, 'you know what, that customer wasn't selling it to me. I don't know how he got that number of customers.' I asked the guy who is making the numbers on that phone from his account and he responded, 'yeah. He did get 10 customers last night.' I just said, 'i understand.'When this man went to work, we got $200 in our pockets.When the day when I started working, I got $200 in my pocket.We got that money al...
my parents and I were two of the oldest of the seven children, and we took our early steps forward with the idea that children could not be taught critical thinking skills by their parents. As a senior in the school, I never heard of anything like this. We were a group of young kids with different backgrounds who were all working hard. It was the perfect scenario for our students to develop the critical thinking skills that we needed.In 2006, I was working for a small business, and as an assistant sales person, we went back to my own personal life to talk about the problem of critical thinking. The idea of critical thinking was a fundamental part of a young person's culture, and we'd been trying to get this same notion applied for generations. I had a friend who wanted to know what her school needed for her critical thinking. We brainstormed how we could help her find a way to develop and gain the critical thinking skills that she so needed. Ultimately, we determined that critical thinking would never be a requirement for any child of our age.It wasn't until my parents passed away, after almost ten years at the time, that I realized the way to make the right decisions in this kind of social experiment was to use critical thinking to develop a specific curriculum. Not only did we teach critical thinking, but we also used it for a wide variety of educational and personal reasons. I knew from the start that we would be able to use critical thinking to develo...
I was in a business meetingmy friend said, 'you know, my brother did it?'A few minutes later, it had started to explode and started to eat me.And, it came to life.Then he hit a wall.When I got out of the room, I saw him running down the stairs.He was wearing a white shirt with a red sweater on him.He was like 'hello.'There was a police officer in the photo.I walked up to him and my friend said I need to get out of there right now.Right now I'm here in a very strange place.You know, I got there, I got out of there, it was a big thing.The big thing was that I was surrounded by police....
On this one. In july of 2005, I had the chance to walk into my house. I'd read a book called "The power of the white male" That I thought was brilliant. It said that only in a single, male-dominated world of technology, men could control the power of their bodies, and thus the power of all women. I was young, my self-esteem was low, and I wanted to be smart. I wanted to know why. I was smart and could do anything I wanted. I wasn't stupid. I was just smart.I'm sure my body language would cause others to take notice. I've had a few conversations with men who've said "Hey, you don't have the luxury of the body. Why don't you tell people about the power of the body. You'd be cool with that."I could feel the heat. "I've been listening to your voice for a long time. It's like your own." I was really impressed. I said, "You've probably been listening to my voice for a long time already. How are you doing?" And they replied, "I'm doing very well and you're getting better." I wasn't even sure what to do. The moment I said, "Hey, my body," People started talking. I was like, "What is that?" And I went off to get a sandwich.I went home. I took my wife to the emergenc...
This is my first time running a campaign in washington, d.C., where I was a very, very public candidate."He added that he knows there have been other people in washington who are still interested in getting elected, and that he will do everything he can to bring these people together."The people of maine are just not as enthusiastic about electing someone like me," Bundy told the daily caller, according to the herald-leader. "It's going to be a huge political problem to get rid of the majority leader of this party."Bundy, a republican from maine who has previously been in the polls, noted that his campaign is working to raise money for his campaign and that he recently hosted a fundraiser at his home for former house majority leader eric cantor during the 2016 campaign."My campaign has been very successful, and I'm very happy that we're going to stay doing what we did for many years," Bundy said. "I'm not going to run against anyone. I'm going to stand together....
You were in an argument with a man who was trying to drive home to your home from a funeral. He said, "You know, I wouldn't have said that if I wasn't married to you." And the man said, "I'll put you on a plane. I know you're the only one who's been through hell." And I said, "No, I'm not." And he went, "No, it was not about this." He went, "I'll go to jail and I'm going to get in trouble if I'm not paying my own way. You're only going to be here so long." And then I went to jail and I'd spend hours reading his newspaper. And I came to know him and I'd never seen him like this before, so I came back to his house and said, "Where do you think I'm going? Where are you going to put me?...
We were out driving home from work. I was standing in a house that had the lights off. I noticed the fire had gone out, and the garage door had gone out. I went in and saw smoke billowing out the garage door, and I jumped up into my truck. Then I heard it hit the garage and hit the truck, and we had to get out of there, because the fire had spread to the house. It just exploded. It looked like this.So I said, "I'm going to go in there and see if I can save a house." And they said, "Sure, you can!"Now I am a photographer and I get the news and I'm able to take pictures, and my work is very, very, very beautiful and I have all the pictures in this book and I have the information that is important.How often have you had photographs, are you in your 30s or 40s?My age has nothing to do with it. I was a photographer when I was 7 or 8 years old, and I think that just happened. When I was young, I don't think I was a photographer because I used to shoot in a gallery before I came into business. It took me about 2.5 years to get on the scale of what a person makes money on a film. I was like, it's a great business. It's a really great business...
The day I was in a college class, and I was watching the daily show. One of my roommates at the time, I was in a class and we had some discussion about an article that was coming out of the college library. He said, "What do you mean by 'how many' books do you have in your library?" I said, "Well, I don't have any." He said, "Let's look at 10 books in your library, how many books does that mean to you?" My roommate replied, "How many books are you going to have in your library?" I said, "How often do you have those books, and when will you get them?" He said, "I'm going to have them because my library has a very low literacy rate." My roommate said to me, "You've got a bunch of books on your shelf, do you want to read those?" I said, "Yes. And now I have to read them all. But if you don't have them, I'llfind them in my library. So that's what I call a 'wonderful deal.'" He said he was going to give me a chance on which to buy them, and I said, "That's where I'm going?" He said, "This is how you get to know your libraries. I don't have to read them. I get to read that kind of thing every week and I never have to read 'em down....
It's a little unusual of us. When somebody comes to our house, we always have our guns drawn, so we have every way possible to defend ourselves.At one point there are a couple of other gunmen who I knew were not really friendly. But they have a few of them, and they are all very, very nice; that's what all of us call them. The same one is a former member of our law team. And they come and go, i've never seen him come back, but they are very kind, very hospitable guys. They're not the type of people that you would have people in your neighborhood. They've never been in trouble with the law, and they've never been out of trouble with our law enforcement.They have been the ones who have done the right thing. I don't know of anyone who has done that. And I think this has the potential to change the dynamic. If we have a law enforcement response, that could get us out of this area, and we could have a very big impact on the national debate.When it comes to the shooting, I think it would be a good idea for law enforcement to have better training on how to respond. I think it would be a good thing for the local communities of the state and other states to know that we are not in a position to do it. Because there is a risk of being in danger when someone else goes in and gets shot...
My father worked in a dairy factory, but was forced to give up his skills. He was fired because he was unable to work outside the dairy. I heard people saying, 'he's not good enough,' and then I had to call the police. So I was taken straight out that night."My father's employer, that company, fired him because he was so poor. He didn't have enough money to buy a car and it cost over £20,000 to buy a van. He didn't have the money or the means to pay for it. And because he was unable to work, he wasn't offered a job in a factory. That's what led me to come here."The couple have three children, and have three older twins. She lives with her husband in an apartment complex called the wounded and living on the moon.Sid is pregnant with twins, while her husband and two other children, who are also twins, have three young children."It's the same for us," Sid said."If I had known that I'd live in a nice place like this, it would have been very different."Sid has been in and out of the country since she was seven and she had been part of the working class until she was nine years old.She has always loved her dad.When she was little, sid had a very simple smile and said, "...
It's been a little hard because my family was trying to get her to stay home but I have a lot of friends here and it all got pretty stressful. I think when a kid's mom dies, I had to take them out to the cemetery. But I also had to go to some places where they live and try to find those places she'd be ok with. Like, my mom's a lawyer and they just couldn't believe she was going to do this. So I guess she was like, 'oh, that's not it.' She wouldn't even look at me. 'Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I think I'm going to be okay.' I said, 'let's go get some money, okay?'""If you're not going to do things on my behalf, you're not going to do anything to help me," He continued. "Because that's what I thought of having a kid. I didn't even know if that was really going to work if I wasn't going to do something for her. I was hoping it would work out because I didn't know that anything would work out. No matter what, I knew she had to live with me. I had no idea she would live with me....
i walked down the hall. A young man had arrived and had told me he wanted to join forces with me. I had an idea.The young man said, "I'm going with you." He left us alone with a box of paper in front of us. So he left at last, followed the lines laid out by the young men, and that's what we did. I did go. He left again.I think you know all the things about how that relationship started that way. I got married and moved to florida. In florida, things were really easy, and we both used to play tennis or play golf. We got along pretty well after I hit my 30s. They took care of me, we went to an office, and by the time I got home, we were like, "Yeah, you're coming to florida and we'll play ball with you in a box." It was just so beautiful, so beautiful. But I'm sure that eventually, I just stopped using my social skills because I felt like I wasn't playing by myself anymore, in other words, it's kind of like a job, you know? And so, it sort of ended up working its way up.For the first time in years, you feel like you have to fight hard for your dreams but also your money. How did you become so reliant on that?Well, I was a real hustler in high school, whic...
You're the youngest of eleven children. A man who had given up his marriage, he's a millionaire. A middleaged man. He never really has any children. But, you know, he's got a baby, a baby. He says, "I have a baby." And he's had a baby with me every single day because of my marriage."And this baby was a baby who could talk.Bill moyers: so, as a dad, you would ask your children, "What is the difference between what you have now and what I have five to ten years later?" And your children would say, "That is not true." They would say, you know, "What is the difference between what you have now–"Stephen schweeder: I'm a dad. But because of the fact that I don't tell my children what my life is like—because that's something I have to learn—that's something I have to teach my kids, my kids, your children—every single time I go on television or a program. Because I have to keep them going and to keep them going for me, because that's what I have to do.Bill moyers: is there anything else that you'd like to add, too?Stephen schweeder: what I would like to add is that it is a huge step for me because I see how often the mother...
I recently watched a movie about college football where I saw a player, and I thought "Wow, this is pretty cool." And then I saw this guy doing all these stunts, and he was dressed as a basketball player. I thought, this is pretty cool.That's like the one where they've just made a movie about how they were taking a team to the stadium.That's like the one that I think was totally a joke. We were trying to do this sort of joke, and this guy was doing some of those stunts and he seemed pretty cool, so in the movie, he looks like he's wearing the kind of athletic gear that we saw on the movie. And then this man from the movie just came onto the campus and looked at us and said, "I don't think you're going to be able to stay a little bit longer, because you can't wear it." And we knew it was the right thing to do, and it's funny. But it's also very funny because you're not really supposed to have to make those kinds of decisions because you're going to be in uniform for weeks and you're going to have to go from one campus to the next because everyone is going to be wearing these kind of things. It's not because you're going to be in a game, you're being in uniform for weeks and you're going to have to think all these things, but it's also not because you're not going t...
I was looking at a book called the way of kings; it was a book by the great henry v, a brilliant man. It's a book about a prince in the middle ages, and about to rise up.Amy goodman: how did the book come to be, and why did you do that?Rebecca childel: well, it was a great novel. It was based on a young henry v and a young english lady. In some way it was about the prince's rise to power and, of course, his fall from grace. And I think that's really why henry v was given a very important role in the story, which is not just to save his kingdom from the great powers which were trying to crush it. He was there helping these great powers when these great powers were trying to destroy the empire, because he got his prince's name. He was there helping to save the empire from all these great powers.So, I guess, when henry v is in his early twenties and I was working on a book called the way of kings, and I was looking at a book on a book called king arthur that I had been reading, and—i mean, this was very early in the life of henry v as a child—and you know, I was thinking about all sorts of things, but a prince's name really came to my mind. He was the last of king arthur; he was dead. He ha...
I have a boy aged 18 from my town. He was playing a game with his friends when he went up to his friend's house (my local school). We were all at the house in a group of 5, 6 or 7 kids. His friends had all got a game, got out and got it. They had one boy and two girls. He was doing his normal stuff. He had the ball and ran to his friend's house (my local school) and took his ball and ran to his friend's house, where he ran to his friend's house and ran to his friend's house. I know that story, but is it true – it really is? He got out of the game, ran to his friend's house, and ran to his friend's house. I know – I am sure it is true too. There are other schools in the area where players can be involved in any number of different activities. The ones with the greatest potential to engage with other players are those schools. That is why you see such a huge opportunity for the sport to be seen as a way of playing.For the more casual players, there are clubs and clubs for this kind of game that offer to take the players along for the ride. These clubs, which offer all kinds of activities, offer for the players to be at the end of the ride, to be able to go home, to play and have an enjoyable time during a ride.Some clubs and club...
A year ago, a friend of mine said that I'm actually having a big impact on my life. I've been having two kids and it has been a big impact. It's been an amazing experience. And I hope that that's not the case this week. It's been a huge thing for me. Because I'm very much an integral part of the community and the community is very important to me. And I don't think it's going to get any easier.Random: well, let's talk about where we are right now.Elias birmingham: okay.Random: I would like to talk about a little bit about how we're actually doing pretty good.Elias birmingham: okay.Random: we're doing pretty good. We have a lot of people working on the ground right now. We've gotten a lot more people to join. And we've got a lot of new people joining. And it all starts with the people at nasa. And just a couple of weeks ago, on the launch day of our next satellite, we launched into low earth orbit. And we are now about two weeks away from the earth's pole, which is at about 100 earth seconds and about 25,000 miles away.And we're getting people to the ground. We have one of the best systems ever built to take the satellite in, basically, ...
If you have a story that I wrote where I had a big vision for myself, where I felt I wanted to work more deeply and to put out more books with greater success and greater success, and that I want people to read it and that I wanted their children to read it and that I wanted some of these things to come out. If you know those things, and it's very important to you, to know that there have been very important books for you and that they will continue to be written when they're out, you will know it.I think it's important for you to make your own decision and decide what is your own plan for your lifetime, and you will need to have a sense about how you think your journey will unfold, how much impact you'll make in the rest of your life, and how much impact you think your life will have on your own lives.That is a whole different conversation from what we're talking about today with the people who are writing about "What if" For the last 10 years?When this conversation was about "What if?" In the 90s, I was writing a book about three people who died in three different ways. I was writing about the people who died on their own, those people who had a story and were inspired by it, a big-picture story that was about a great american hero and about a great american tragedy.I was writing about people who had lost so many youn...
"Hey you! I can't believe that you're not here. I think i've got to go home. Maybe I'llsee you in a while.""Sorry, don't look at me like that. I have to go to the hospital before I can give you any more money. It's just that I'm so tired and. I'm exhausted!""Well, I guess it's time for me to go back to my place. Let me have the car. I'm gonna try and go back to my room. I'll have to go look for something here.""You're wrong, miss. I'm gonna let you stay here. I'll come back later. It's just a matter of time before I get back home, okay? I don't know!""What should I do, you little wretch?"I shook my head."You see. This place isn't for you. I've brought you here to save you. You've made me feel so bad for not going back home. I mean. How bad would it feel to leave a broken record that you've never broken even a single time? I don't think you'd think twice about going home, okay?...
It was one of those moments that would shake your heartbreak and then you'd say, "I wish I knew how to do that." And then you'd go, "Oh, what an amazing experience. Here's a little story." It's not the kind of story that would last. I've never heard anything like it.Why, you know? I'm not sure. It seems like it's sort of that easy thing to do -- to make your own story, to build yourself up, to learn to write. It's not easy to do that. You know? I mean, you know what? I mean, I started doing it because I was just sort of feeling like maybe I'm a genius, and then to start doing it was something like "Oh, I'm so blessed to be like this."So, I thought, "I'm going to try to do this. I'm going to be like this, I'm going to do this. I'm going to try to be like this, I got to do this. I'm not going to do this.I just wanna tell the story. It's pretty cool to do. It's a great book. It's an incredible story. That's why I'm telling it. That's why I'm so excited about the book and I wish I could do that. Yeah, yeah, sure. But yeah, you know, I have this dream, but I always had thi...
in my previous experiences as a photographer, I used to ask very few questions about the work done. I was always a huge fan of the young photographers who were working in the field. But to the photographers who were coming up with new ideas and innovative methods, the very best photographers came up with a few great concepts. The next step after this was getting the work done and making it real.This time around, I'd always been a little more willing to take the time to give feedback and share in the process of getting the best results. So, with this year's release of my new book, the art of the impossible, I wanted to share a little part for the community to learn about.Why didn't you do any work for art?I had this idea about trying something different to go with the work I'd been doing before but I was overwhelmed by the volume of responses and responses in this book.In that way, I thought maybe the best way to approach this is to share my experience and the results with the community.Have you spent a lot of time thinking of what a book might be like?Absolutely.Do you have any experience working with the kind of people you're sharing your work with?Absolutely.Do you know of a specific creative space you're using for your photography?I have done some new stuff here in los angeles and a few other places becaus...
I've had a relationship with one of my close friends whom I dated for 15 years. He was very close to me. He used to say that when he met me, he wanted me to be with him for his next birthday. I wanted to be with him for his next birthday.""He would say 'you're too old to stay with me' and 'you're too stupid to stay with me.' He'd say 'you're too old to stay with me because you're like an idiot.' A few times, I'd say 'i'm too old to stay with you.' And he'd say 'you're too immature to stay with me.' He'd say 'you're too stupid to stay with me because you're too young to stay with me.' He had a lot of good friends, and he'd say, 'i'm going to stay with you, but I'm going to do something. I'm going to keep your heart beating, but I'm going to move past it.' And I would say, 'you're too dumb to have this.' He would just turn me on. He would put me through the roof."What he wanted was to be with us, so I took that into consideration. I didn't want to get married to anybody, and he just wanted to be with me."The same is true of other former students."If you're going to be with your parents, you want your ow...
I was in the audience that saturday night when a guy walked into the venue and said hello. He said he wanted to talk about his job, about what kind of movie he's making, so he asked a question about his wife or his kids. He said, "Hey, my dad. He has to answer a couple of questions to get my call back." He said, 'you get called back in two hours; it's late to the line, and then I call back in four or five hours.' So I said, 'you're here already, and I get the call and it's my turn, so I'm on my way.' He said to me, 'well, now that I get the call and it's my turn, you're going to know i've got something to say to that guy, right?' It was like he was telling me, 'you guys got a bit of a problem, aren't you?'"After the interview, the crowd of about 20 people gathered around him to hear his remarks and to meet with him, while the venue had already been set up for another round of interviews."There had been a lot of talk that night, probably the best of any night with these people, about how much better or less talented they are," He explained. "It was a lot of talk. There was talk that I really did this film that I wrote in my head for my family, to get the kind of information that yo...
And then that's it. Your mother was there to see you. And a lot of people knew her. They didn't like your father. They saw us as being too young to remember. And we saw that we knew what it meant to be here. We saw how different it felt. The last time we saw each other, it was like they were family. And so they were just like family. And all of us are different as individuals. And it's just like that. But it also is the whole thing. It's part of the life we get to live.The story about the time a young man saw his mother's face when she didn't want to see him is one of these things that makes sense from a human perspective, the kind of story that comes from human history.So if you look at the history of modern american politics, or from those of our own recent history, it's important to keep in mind that it's an american country, not a foreign one. It's an american past, not a foreign past. And so it's important to always remember that in america, you're still the same as any other part of the country.You're still a part of the culture that has changed and so it doesn't matter what your background is. It doesn't matter what your gender has to be. It doesn't matter what your age is.So it just comes from a human perspective. And so it'...
A year ago, a friend of mine said that I'm actually having a big impact on my life. I've been having two kids and it has been a big impact. It's been an amazing experience. And I hope that that's not the case this week. It's been a huge thing for me. Because I'm very much an integral part of the community and the community is very important to me. And I don't think it's going to get any easier.Random: well, let's talk about where we are right now.Elias birmingham: okay.Random: I would like to talk about a little bit about how we're actually doing pretty good.Elias birmingham: okay.Random: we're doing pretty good. We have a lot of people working on the ground right now. We've gotten a lot more people to join. And we've got a lot of new people joining. And it all starts with the people at nasa. And just a couple of weeks ago, on the launch day of our next satellite, we launched into low earth orbit. And we are now about two weeks away from the earth's pole, which is at about 100 earth seconds and about 25,000 miles away.And we're getting people to the ground. We have one of the best systems ever built to take the satellite in, basically, ...
There is a woman, on the roof of a house, who is being harassed and threatened with violence over her alleged involvement in a 'women's rights and equality protest'. She said she is from a christian family. She started to talk about her own issues with god's law and her rights, but the fear of being told it wasn't enough was growing. She was stopped from talking because she called me too much. She did not have her rights as a christian. And now she is being attacked and intimidated – in a religious community and at home. And this is the kind of person who is being exploited, and the police have to take their jobs because this is their area."We're sure that is what the police service of india will do, and this is the reason why police have the capacity to stop and interrogate a woman over a very small amount of time. However, they cannot allow this type of intimidation and harassment to continue through their public services.The problem of harassment and intimidation in the police is not limited to domestic and online harassment. It is also being faced in the media and many local authorities where harassment and intimidation are also being faced. The media coverage is also becoming more and more negative and even harmful on the level of what is happening in society.The fact is, most of the time, many women are targeted because they lack in- and out-of-date status and/or the recognition of their role as mothers and wives...
He is a young man. This is your grandfather's life. He did not believe in heaven and the universe and the world; he was a very young man. The only thing that was consistent with his belief was a man who had been in heaven with no earthly things. In that same spirit that led him into believing, he was very, very young and yet he was not scared. He did not know what to do with his life. He was very young, it was very early in his life.I saw his eyes. Every little eye that was in his eye showed him the truth. Every little sight showed him the truth.In his youth, he had a very little patience. His patience was not at all good. He had a little patience in his heart. He was very young, he loved his elders and his elders loved him. He loved his brothers and he loved his family. He was very young and he loved his family but he was not afraid. He did not know what to do with his life. He was afraid of doing what his brothers did and he was afraid of saying how to deal with his brothers and his brothers did not know what to do with their families and they did not understand how to deal with their families and they did not understand what to talk to their sons and she did not understand how to talk to her sons and she did not understand how to talk to her sons.I saw the two men with their eyes an...
I went on a trip to africa with my father. We went and bought the most expensive car in the world, the audi a6. I'm from germany with three children. And I thought, 'wow, this car is worth 10 times that.' And so I left everything and ran into the country, then to africa with an ex-husband.You know what you do with it. There are so many amazing people from all over the world. And I think we all share in that passion for making a car. It's a passion that we all share in our hearts. Every family will love a car, and that makes it special to me. My own dad is an incredible man so he's always been trying to make the most incredible cars. So, it was amazing on a sunday. It was an amazing opportunity. I've been in the car business for 11 years now.How long did you work with the ford and mazda teams?I didn't work the first couple years with the ford. And I don't know how long it lasted, but I did work on the first two teams. I worked with bob stumpf and frank ruggiano. So we worked on the last two teams. I think I still work the last two teams with bob ruggiano, but I think we didn't work hard. I know that frank is very passionate about his car business, and frank and I had a lot of work to do to ge...
When I was 20 years old I got married and this guy, I don't remember, bought my first pair of clothes and bought all my stuff. He wanted to start an auto shop for us, so I went to a local tailor at the time and he asked me a couple of questions: "What kind of clothes are your mom bought for you?" My answer is all of these things. When I met him, he wanted to take me to an auto shop because he loved the color of the leather jackets he worked out and he thought I was going to be perfect for him.Then he gave me this other girl, and it was her first big step. You know, she was a great young woman, and she was trying to prove herself. She didn't have the same kind of money as me, and the way she'd come from the house of her parents was different, but I was able to get her to spend the money on her own clothes. And then I met her in person in person, she was a huge fan of this tailor's job and there I was. I was working with this girl for five years, and I loved her so much that I had to go to an auto shop, and at that place, I had to take her to an auto shop for the first time because she was a huge fan of our company. And at one point she said, "You mean that you know me?" And I said yes! And she says, ...
I have been at the site of a large group of girls called the bully boy. We had one group of girls, one girl. I am a young girl, and one girl. I was at a party where a girl was throwing a ball. I was on top of that girl and I was very happy. And I put my hand over my mouth, and I started to laugh and I started to cry. And then the girl and I ran down the hall and she started to cry. I think she had two or three bruises that went down. And then I went to the bathroom. And I looked and I saw this little girl sitting on the stool. And she said that she is going to die. You know what I mean? She was crying? And she said, well, this is going to happen. I knew that was going to happen. She put her hand over my mouth. And I said, wait what? So I took my picture, but it was not enough. And she had her hand over my mouth.Now, you know, the next day we went back to the site and we came back with some of these girls who had been there. And one night on the day they were going to be back with the guys that had gone into that girl's house. And they were just so happy. And I was like, "Well, this is good." And they are, you know, they are not gonna let one of them go bac...
John so you can't be like jesus on your own?Matthew I think so.John so that's why you don't even speak of jesus as a human being?Matthew I don't believe you can be like jesus and not be like him.John I think you can.Matthew god doesn't let me, man, do the things I'm doing because of his sin.John don't you want to tell us that?...
the first thing I think you should know is that my name is matt, my name is josh, and I'm a professional boxer called tomahawk. I've been training on top of boxing since 2011, and my family is very strict. Their goal is to get me out of the house and into the ring.A few years ago I was in toronto and was looking for some time to ring with a couple of my friends. The first thing I did was go to a hotel to get in touch for them. It was a long night in toronto at one of the big arenas where you could see the crowd and the promoters. When I said, "Yeah, come over here to work," They let me in. I went back to the hotel with them and they asked me a question that I didn't know and they asked me questions I didn't know.I would sit in a room with our coach tomahawk that night and we talked for an hour about what kind of fighters were available if we were ever going to fight in toronto again.I'd heard some things about people from my training center telling people that boxing hadn't changed that much in the past. I thought, "I'm going to never get a chance to make that conversation with a guy who was very hard to find." That really was my perception at the time and I don't think I would have ever got that kind of response.I was really happy t...
if you were born in america, the first thing I did before you went to school in the u.S. Was walk through a mall. You'd be on the sidewalk, you'd know exactly what to look for.And you could see a woman standing there, and you could also see a man in suit and tie in front of you, waving a gun -- and it was that simple.And you're a young american, and you're just at the end of a life and you realize you're not going to get an internship. And then you realize that you're never going to get a job because you're not going to live any longer. And then you realize something's not right.And you want to tell my story? How can I tell that? I'm in a big high school with the best basketball program in america, and i've been working there for 13 years or less. And you know what? I told this story to my father, because I was afraid he would take me away from him because I wasn't getting my degree.And my father thought that might be a good thing, because he said, "My heart's in his pocket." My brother says, "My heart's in your pocket," And that's the first step.And my father takes me into some high school and says, "I'll go to harvard, and harvard will give you a job or a degree. I wo...
He was so happy to hear his fellow countrymen. He sat with the horses outside, and he said, 'i'm happy to see you. We have got a lot of work to do; let's go now.' "The group turned their back to the road and went out to the river. They were on a hill overlooking it, and they saw that the river had been reduced to a stream. The road was in the middle of a broad field; but, as the horse fell, the line of the river narrowed, and the horses began to go."I was so surprised," Recalls dr. Shaver. "I was so very proud of this horse. It was the only one I'd ever used. I've never seen a horse so much like him. When he got up the hill, I just took off his horse-gown and ran inside the church."The horses were very excited to run, and he was quite sure that if he got inside this church, one day he might know how to swim."But that was just the beginning. When he went into the chapel the whole congregation would come around it, to see how he could do something so incredible. And he was so excited as he got up the hill to run through the open church. I'd been so proud to be part of that. But you could see he didn't know."You really see this man's enthusiasm for adventur...
I'm not a bad guy. You're not trying to bully, you're just trying to do what it takes to get to this point. It's a very good idea.""I'm not a jerk, right? My best friend at the school told me that I'm not racist. I don't really agree with that, in the slightest."But, if she'd been more open about what kind of racism in her current job, she'd have done her due diligence and told us about it, too.And now she's gone and been found, along with another young woman, to have been harassing her for more than two years through social media.And what's more, when she was first contacted, she says she was only getting more and more upset about the behavior."One day I was walking around, and her friend walked up to me on the street and said, 'are you going to be quiet for a while?' And I said, 'of course not,' and he says, 'no. I'm going to be fine.'...
I've been reading all over facebook about this "Billion billions" Scam and I'm so happy to share it with you guys. On friday, my father went shopping for a nice little laptop to use at work to hide my work. He didn't buy it! I was so happy to hear from you guys. It's like, "Hey, it's a computer!" Because as soon as we discovered it he jumped in the store and bought it. It's a laptop. He's got his laptop, which is a nice nice, cool thing, and he's really nice about it and I really think we should put him in a nice, nice laptop. But he's got a hard drive or something and he's got a hard drive with two hard drives in it, all that crap. So when I saw the thing, I was like: "Oh that's a nice computer!" And he doesn't buy it yet. He's got it to play video games in the laptop, but he doesn't like it. He doesn't like it and he doesn't like this weird device that he just bought. And I just told him this story of a couple of days ago. I know the whole situation. He says, "No, I can not buy my laptop." And then he bought his laptop and says, "No, I bought the new laptop, and I am not happy" That's about it. And I was like, my goodness, let's see wha...
It's been nearly two months since my father's death and now that he is gone, he seems to be living with more and more people, mostly the refugees from syria, all the time, all the time. He has never been quite clear on what it is he is doing, but i've been told it's about money, not politics, not religion. That's true, and I'lltell you how it's about money and what it means to be muslim."The story was told by the bbc's david cameron after the speech.I hope that these stories in the public arena, from that moment on, are of benefit to our brothers and sisters who have suffered so much in syria.I hope we can continue fighting for a peace in syria. And so I say to all that are standing in the way of that, and all those who stand in the way of that, be afraid for your lives.We are here, I'm afraid of my own. I'm afraid of our fellow people, we are here.Please take this moment to be a voice for all those who want to come together and fight for peace, peace is about a lot more than the price of violence. And this is what I can do.In the words of john mccain, the u.S. Is "Not a state of war" And "Not fighting to win". He said, "We don't fight against terror in the nam...
You don't go out with a few hundred bucks worth of food and all you're doing is keeping the city running at full capacity and all you're doing is getting in the way of the competition and making people feel like they're not entitled to an affordable, well-run, high-quality, safe city.If I look at all these people, I can tell you that they're not fighting back at what I'm doing. They're fighting back at the fact that I get paid as a contractor and that they're doing what I'm doing. And you're in that job for a reason. You're a part of what makes this city great. This city is in this business right now. If somebody told you that, you would be on their list of people that would work for you. I wouldn't hire people like that. It's a business. It's my job. I want you to be on a plane to see this city be ok all over again.I was in charge of all of that. I thought I would let you do it. I wouldn't put you in charge of a government department unless I thought you were doing a good job.You're a part of the problem. I want you to bring it up. I'm not going to put it up. It's a job. You're going to be in charge of it until you figure out to what extent you need to let the public pay you back...
I have one friend at a party of three kids. She is really beautiful. She's beautiful. Two years, she was on that show and she was getting drunk and drinking all night. And she says, "I thought he was just a nice guy. And he was a nice guy. But I thought, 'oh, he's just drunk.' " And in fact, I told her that my friends and my family were looking at me like, "Oh, he's just a nice guy. And he's just a nice guy. And he said, 'you know what? You can go back and do that.' Well, that's the way it's always been before—you can always put him on the spot. He's just a nice guy. He's just an ordinary guy. And that's all just a big lie. And I think it's all about how you think about your friends in the world, and how much they really like you. Just how you're just as good to them as they are. That's all."In the story, you said, "So you said that's why you didn't like me so much. Why you did. Why you went back and did that to a friend. What happened was that she just sort of became like a child in my family. And then it sort of became like, if she's like a child now, you're making a fool of yourself by not liking her. You're making a foo...
In 2004, I had a lot of conversations with some of my friends. They all had this idea: "This is the beginning of a whole new era of being an independent person." And I was like, "What's the point of this, man?" They really said, "Who do you want to be as a director?" It's really just me doing an album, and I'm like, "You know, it's a whole other thing. It's not about me being a director." And then they said, "You know, what are we going to do with that." I would say something similar or I'd say something completely new. But I guess that's how it started with me doing all these things. Then the concept for what I was doing comes about in the beginning, and I'm doing stuff that's more personal. Like, "This isn't about me being responsible. This isn't about me being a musician. This isn't about me being a person." It was all about, "This is what I'm going to be, that's what I'm going to do." And then I'm just like, "No, it's just, we're gonna get this idea right." That's how it all started. Even now we're still doing all these different things, and it's just really exciting.It's so exciting to say the least.[laughs] right.Did you ever imagine that you'd get ...
I was born here in 1946. My family didn't know who I was until I was very little. By that time, we all knew that I was korean. And the korean people were so proud of how american I was. I remember when the first asian americans were starting up our nation, and I remember when there was a chinese immigrant from shanghai, and he was like, "Ah, great," And I was like, "No, I'm not going to go." A lot of asian american men got mixed up.So I went to an american chinese restaurant in my hometown and I said, "Hey, I'm chinese, how come I'm not going to come here?" He said, "Well," And I said, "Well, fine, because my parents were chinese, and my father was chinese. So I didn't have the right to go. But when they came to me and that was after my father had left to go to college, they had a big fight in their house that day!So my parents were from california, and they were like, "It's not you that's going to come, but I'm going to come to the united states." So we got a job, and when we left home, the chinese brought us back home. They even brought us our food. And I was like, "Why my life is not working out, why the hell does it matter whether you're chinese or korean?"And whe...
An american man who had been born in the middle of the great depression, who'd been married to a polish man, a man who had three children, an american who had worked for the pentagon in the 1980s; suddenly, he had seen his work. He saw his son's father being murdered and how a young man's life was in danger. He saw his wife being beaten and raped by her husband.In all the decades, he'd taken his own life. He had lived for 30 years as a mother and father, for nearly a quarter-century after having been born, he found solace in the truth: his husband was dead. He was the father who had always protected him. He was the only one who knew his wife. His whole life, no matter how tragic, had been a kind of gift.But how did a man who had served four lives get killed and no one knows what to do?One of the reasons it's so hard to believe, says david reisman, director of the american museum of civil rights, is that the story of how the story begins is so strange. "It was a lot of hard work and so much love for this man that changed his life," Reisman says — and this story is so unique. It's so fascinating to hear.The woman who took down your husbandfrom the start of the civil rights movement, people were asking: how can we learn from our ow...
in september of 2008, I wrote to a number of friends about my concerns about an "Inappropriate" Facebook post by a high-profile person."I've known this person for a while and they've just gotten off the ground. They're just upset. They're upset," The friend said."They're upset. They're upset it's not right on a daily basis," The friend said, adding, "I'm not sure how much they'll let me know how to say anything."I wrote back to my friends and asked them to take a closer look at the behavior being attributed to this man.One of the friends replied, "No that does not exist."After reading about it over the weekend, I wrote back, "So, this person was telling me to stop trolling other people and stop getting upset when it's too damn clear that the group's racist stuff is ok, and that there's nothing wrong with it too. But, if this is what you want to hear, let me know. I want to hear from you."At that point, I sent the facebook representative back a message saying, "That's not our problem though I think, so you have to come around to being aware of this."I then called facebook back to clarify that the incident was not about anti-semitism, but that the post had been made on an official facebook page (which has had some criticis...
you see, a long time ago we were at this very place.We were sitting in a very small room.And the man I was sitting next to had just walked in.Then they came in and said,"We can't take care of ourselves if you let us drive around in a van."And I said,"Well, don't worry about that either, it could get very lonely."But it was a perfect storm and I didn't stop.My heart wasn't in it at all at the time.It was just right.We sat there, very quietly.It was this wonderful time when someone was driving me to my office.They were taking pictures with us and saying,"Okay, we're going to take photos with you, if things were to really get out of control.But we're not going to let them drive us around in a van."So to start this conversation I told them that I love them and that I'm going to love them unconditionally and that I will never leave them alone.And they looked at me with great admiration and I decided:"You're amazing."Well, for the record.We were never alone as such.They were just like.A whole new level of joy.I didn't ge...
what had happened in the past week?I heard about a guy who had the opportunity to go to college, had experience in advertising and so forth. He had a few things going for him. He was able to get a job as an advertising salesman. He was able to get into a job when he was 12 years old. And he got accepted into a part-time job by a couple of different companies, a part-time job back at home, because he was still in college. And because this guy had a small job and he needed to get his feet wet in order to get into an advertising job, the offer of a part-time job by the university of florida was an enormous deal for him to go to.And I had a question because we have an election, and, and everybody wants somebody to be elected to have a campaign, even if it's not the candidate. I have to go out there and speak about the issues, but we need to get our candidates running. It would be really nice when I talk about it with the voters. If that's the case at all if he had access to that opportunity, he would have put in place an open website where everybody can click this link, they could do something about it and he would have had to get approval from the state's democratic governor. And that is what I want to talk about.But my point is, one of the things that we hear all the tim...
I'm 23, and I'm in my late 20s. My brother is 27. I'm a young man. A friend of ours from school is 28, and I have a great aunt who is very beautiful. She's a great mother of three kids in our house. She took us across the country and was just here to teach me this special book called "The perfect marriage." I didn't know what to say to her and I was upset because her sister had been a very strong mother to her daughter. She did the best she could for her girl. So what did she do then, take out her cell phone and call the police? She took out the phone and called the police. They put my brother in a big police van. They put him in the backseat of my car and pulled him out. I've spoken to him once before. We've been together for more than six years and have lived together and talked about everything, but now I have to go to the police because I didn't want that. That is what he threatened me. I told him, "I want to go to jail for this." So I don't know what happened.I was talking to my sister. My sister said, "Your brother has been in jail for the past three years. There is no hope. If you ever get out of here, you're going to be a bad father to your kids. I want you to have this." My sister said, ...
Our home was a beautiful white house with a beautiful garden."What was your first discovery?And I found a bunch of garden tools and started taking them to the local yard.So you got to find a way to make your garden happy without leaving your house?What was your first experience of a gardener when you were in your twenties?How did you come about to become a gardener?...
you see a group of black people. They walk up to you and they say, "Why are you here?" And you tell them, "Why have you come?"They say, "They're coming for your food. You don't like it?"There is a man in the group, who says, "Don't worry about me. This is my family. I grew up in south african." And he says, "This family had a lot to do with apartheid." And it's just a story of black people not being given a chance.(laughter)i have a very personal story, though. As a child -amy goodman: and what are you going to tell them about the country's most prominent black politician?Karen karen: well, I started studying the history of this nation in 1994, and this was the first decade of this country's history when this country was still segregated. It wasn't until we started having a movement to end segregation in the 1960s that we started to realize that south africa was a great place. And I mean what happened right before this country had a civil war was that in a little over seven years in which all the black people in south africa were arrested, the government got the black population under control.And at some point this country became a republic. But what happened when we left the united states? It's not that the unite...
It was not so long ago in china that the first people to leave china were not the very first chinese people. In those days, only men and women were allowed to visit china, so we had to introduce laws. People were very reluctant to come to china and when they did, they did not want to enter in the way they were prepared. In china we had the most difficult rules. It was a pretty long time since china was established in the world. For example in the 1980s, it became common to have a lot of people coming to work at the back of a truck. So, you could have a queue of people all waiting for you at the back end of the trucks. But now, china is the best economy in the world and no one really wants to work there. So, we had to introduce the laws. Today we have an economy in china that is much better than china in terms of work.You can see from the photos at the right you can actually get a look at some of these changes. So, those pictures are not just what I took. But, the more you look at those photos, the more you see things that look a lot like that in china. I think that one of the very first things I looked at was that there were lots of chinese people in the streets wearing nothing but t-shirts. All of a sudden, they had these huge t-shirts about china. They looked like this: "We want china'...
The first time I saw this trailer was just after the first movie in my life.I was at the theater where I was getting ready to go to dinner. It was an 18-year-old boy sitting there with a band and I was like, "Mommy, this is crazy!" He was like, "This has been so long since I was a kid and I don't remember what it was like before. All I know is I was a kid!" And so I sat there with my head down and I said, "Why?" And he said, "Because it was so long." He said, "I've been so busy with work, all day i've been thinking about how long this movie is going to last." So it was very stressful for me in that moment.I was thinking about how long I thought this would be going to last, how much I wanted to keep going, and the most important part of this movie is I wanted to play my mom. So I ended up making another movie. That's when I was really close to losing my mom. She was just dying of cancer, I just couldn't put her in better hands.It's always hard to say what to do when a project like this is in the past, but it's a nice thing to see how the industry has react to your projects.If you had to make something like this, how would you feel about the way it was handled o...
We were on a trip where we were looking at some beautiful tropical jungle with this river that we wanted to look at. We decided that what we would look for was a way to find a way to keep that river flowing. So we thought about which way to keep it flowing. I'm a bit of a hunch and don't know why I said that.Well, the idea of making the river water and using these little things to make the river flowing is pretty cool, right?Well you do have that with the butterfly. Now, it's not a bad idea. It can flow with a little bit of care. For a butterfly butterfly, it's good for feeding and it's important to keep that way flowing.You mentioned that in the butterfly butterfly you see a lot of water. What's up with that, and what can you tell us about it?Well, there is definitely a way. There's lots of things that come into the water, like water in the air, water in the soil, or even water that's been dried up. And this is a little bit of all of those things along with that. So maybe water can be as important as soil or as cool as what you would put down in your bucket for your mosquito. There's more of those things and I could take some pictures of it and then use that to show it or to illustrate it.Then there are things that will come in in th...
When I was 20, we were driving a bus down into the country on a road near a river. One of our bus drivers, in a uniform, asked us to pass through a bush. We did and we passed the bush. Then he started to ask us to pay him. So that was the end of that bus journey. I was 13 at that time."I had been going to school at the school in southfield, lancashire. I was 16 when I made the decision to go to school, to be part of the school, to participate in the school. We had four boys. And one was an engineer. We all had a special relationship with that engineer. He told us we would have to do it all for us."Eventually, we got a job at a supermarket. He started giving us tips, giving us money. I had no idea what he was doing, but it was a simple process of finding a way to help me. Every week we would have a special offer to put a sign in our shop."And it was just a matter of getting our money. When I got to work in a shopping centre, I would put in the money and we'd get back on top of it, and so we were making £11 a week."In october 1997, while studying at the university on a leave from the school, he was in leeds on a weeklong tour.He had spent mor...
The family that I am trying to tell you, we have a job that allows us to put a lot of pressure on a lot of people, a lot of things, to do well.""We've got a wonderful family, we've got a great relationship with the children, we've got my daughter. And I love them."Kerry added: "I'm an actor. When they get into it, I'm just really proud, and i've been through it. We've got to make some adjustments."She told a special audience at the start of wednesday's broadcast that she wanted to make sure the actor kept the character's legacy in australia as well as other countries.She said the role would be a "Big part" Of her career and said people would know she had had a role in the hit tv series.A spokeswoman for the state government said: "We have been in contact with australian officials to obtain the approval to play the character ms. Linn. A representative from the government of the commonwealth confirmed that we are in contact with ms. Linn and that we will have a formal announcement on our website shortly."It has been described as one of the most important roles in the history of the character, which was first played by mark wood...
